add(docs): instructions for testing Kodiak on a test repo (#46)
chdsbd/kodiak: README.md

s/test
```

### Testing on a Live Repo

> Due to the nature of a GitHub bot, the testing relies largley on mocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the nature of a GitHub bot, testing relies largely on mocks.
```

For testing to see if a given feature will work it is recommended to create a
GitHub App and a testing GitHub repo.

#### Create a GitHub App via <https://github.com/settings/apps/new>

1. Configure the permissions as described in the setup instructions above.
2. Add a homepage URL (anything works)
3. Setup the webhook URL

   You probably want to use something like [`ngrok`](https://ngrok.com) for
   this. If you do use `ngrok`, you may also want to signup for an account
   via the [`ngrok` website](https://ngrok.com) so that your `ngrok` url
   for the webhook doesn't expire.

>    With can then run `ngrok` with the Kodiak's dev port provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   With `ngrok` installed we can it with the Kodiak's http port.
```

   ```
   ngrok http 8000
   ```

   Now we can copy the **Forwarding** url into the GitHub app form.
   Be sure to copy the one with `https`.

   Then hit create.

4. Now install the GitHub

   Use the **Install** option in the sidebar for the GitHub App.

   You will want to create a testing GitHub repo with a Kodiak config file
   with the `app_id` option set to your GitHub app's id.

   This allows for the production version of Kodiak to be setup on all repos,

>    while allowing the testing version to run on the configured repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   while allowing the testing version to run on the configured repo. If the
   production version of Kodiak finds a non-matching app_id, it will ignore
   the repository, leaving your local version to handle it.
```

5. Setup secrets

   After creating we need to add a **Webhook secret**. The field is labeled **(optional)** but it is necessary for Kodiak to work.

   You can fill it in with a UUID -- be sure to hold onto it, we'll need it
   later.

   Now you need to generate a private key via the generate private key button under the **Private keys** section.

   Move the secret key to directory where you are running Kodiak.

#### Run the dev server

Note: you need to replace the `$SHARE_SECRET`, `$GH_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH` and `$GITHUB_APP_ID` with your own values.

> The GitHub App ID can be found in the **About** sectiono of your GitHub App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub App ID can be found in the **About** section of your GitHub App.
```
